Consort Rong,
What should we do now that Your Highness has rested?
And this case has been handed over to the Ministry of Justice.
That Minister Shen Wu,
Shen Wu is known to be from a family that values money.
Let me think.
You investigate Shen Wu.
Everyone has weaknesses.
I don’t believe Shen Wu is impervious.
And you,
You’ve been with me for so many years.
If it turns out you’re behind this,
You know what to do.
I understand.
How long has it been since His Majesty last visited me?
Since the birthday celebration.
He hasn’t set foot in Zhongcui Palace again.
After all,
The emperor is powerful.
Your Highness, the Deputy Minister of Justice has arrived.
Consort Rong,
He’s like the endless cries of monkeys on both banks,
The small boat has passed through countless mountains.
Qingyu, this is your brother Shen Wu.
In the future, Grandfather will teach you both together.
You’ve met Brother Shen Wu.
The green mountains on both banks face each other.
The lone sail is far away.
If they could marry when they grow up,
It would be a beautiful thing.
Grandpa, Grandpa,
What did you just say?
Haha, it’s nothing.
Are you tired, daughter?
If you are, rest for a while.
Let Brother Shen Wu take you to play.
I’ve sent someone to carefully investigate the area around Cuijin Lake.
They found traces of blood on a golden vessel.
It should be from the scene being staged by the culprit,
Leaving behind a scratch by accident.
Yiyuan, you take the records from the Imperial Kitchen to Minister Shen Wu and Teng Chao.
This way,
Minister Shen Wu will understand that the matter is not over.
Thank you, Your Highness. I will take my leave.
Really?
It’s truly a blessing from heaven.
I will also call Prince Su over.
I want to give Consort Rong a great gift.